the terrorists call themselves Sons of
Liberty sons of Liberty the name of
their leader is Solid Snake
the hero of Shadow Moses so that's why
you changed my code name right but he
can't be gone Solid Snake
he died two years ago on that tanker
after he blew it sky-high
could he have survived not a chance
Colonel I'm on the roof there are no
sentries but it would only take one to
spot me in this light you'd ever had
daylight VR training after all stay
extra sharp until you can find a node to
log in from what about the commandos
SEAL team 10 has landed on struts B and
C and the president seems he was spotted
on strut be struck be the big shell is
comprised of shells one and two each
unit consists of a central core and six
struts surrounding it so the whole thing
is shaped like two hexagons connected
end-on-end exactly and you're on the
roof of strut aim shall one at the
moment
first get to a node log into the network
got it
Ryden SEAL team 10 is in do we really
have no line of communication with the
seals they don't know a thing about us
you know we work in the dark and this
mission is no exception only a few
people know about your presence here
there's no need for concern
this operation is under Pentagon's
direct command and the NSD D came from
the vice president and the Secretary of
Defense your mission may be top-secret
but it's gone through the usual channels
I'll leave the first floor to you okay
colonel I've located the node but it's
under heavy surveillance I can't get in
any closer distract them try making some
noise to draw their attention away how
flatten yourself against a wall and hit
the punch button got it
Ryden watch your back that's a cipher a
type of UAV if it spots you it will
alert enemy personnel exercise extreme
caution
but you can use chaff to set up an
interference field that'll knock its
sensors offline for a while try to
locate some chaff you can also destroy
the engine or the camera some of the
UAVs may be armed be careful copy that
wait a second I just intercepted new
intelligence on the operation being
executed by SEAL team 10 intercepted as
I said before they need to be kept in
the dark about our presence so we just
listen in I'm patching it through we
have the president is he safe he is safe
what about the package tell the guys
upstairs that we've secured the package
easy money
good work your retrieval is on the way
come on home Roger that alpha zero
report come in alpha zero this is alpha
zero we're under attack alpha zero
respond all alpha respond
Ryden the president's life is in danger
hit destruct be now